The goal of this application is to provide a tracking of hardware/tools/assets which can be lend to customers. this can be achieved by implementing the following features:

1. generate stickers with QR-codes, similar to the qrstickers.pdf attached (the description should be removed and used for additional QR codes, also call it simply guid, instead of retro-fit-id)
each sticker has a unique ID (Global unique identifier). The qrstickers.pdf should be manually printed out by users and stickered on tools or hardware, which can be borrowed to customers. A webapplication should be available where you can choose the number of PDF pages to be created with this stickers. the qrstickers.pdf provides the default QR - sticker format, but the user should be able to define the format of the QR print to match different sticker templates available to buy at amazon.de.

2. scan in 1. generated QR-codes with a smart phone (should support android and iOS, create a PWA application). the fields provided in 3. should be shown to the user. the application should support client caching and also the checks are offline checked on the client, once synched to the phone. one asset, which has one dedicated QR sticker, can be scanned multiple times: the first scan is the 'onboarding', which is bascially the creation of the asset in the inventory - all mandatory asset related fields need to be filled. once it is scanned again it is switching to borrowing-mode (default behaviour but could be manually modified) - here you also need to enter the customer information (firstname, lastname, address, postal code, city, country, phone number and email - this is the default set which can be modified, implement country dropdown and postal code check, also check if the phone number and email is a valid format). if the asset is scanned a third time it is basically in 'bring back' mode. this moves the asset back to our warehouse inventory. the asset is not assigned to the customer any longer, but the customer information and the borrow history should be kept in the database, for later analysis. if it is scanned again it goes back to 'borrowing-mode' with the same process as stated previously - it switches always between borrowing-mode and inventory-mode ('bring back' mode).

3. backend of the application with admin interface. this should have the following features. the backoffice application should provide a good overview on what assets are in the inventory and which assets are currently out at the customers, which assets exceed the borrow timestamp. there should be also sophisticated search and filter capabilities available, depending on the available/configured master data.the user should be also able to check the borrow-history of certain items. the admin user should be able to customize what attributes (metadata or asset master data) he wants to track for those rental assets (e.g. value of asset, price per day, weight) and also define the field type (date field, string, number, decimal, single select, multiselect) and also if the defined field is mandatory or optional (default). also it should be possible to create field checks, which are executed on the client. this can be modified (if a field gets delete a warning should pop-up that the related data will get lost), but is always applicable for all assets in this instance. fields which are automatically tracked and always available are the timestamp 'created_at' when the asset has been scanned and moved to the inventory the first time. this timestamp never changes. then there should be another automatically tracked field which is the update timestamp. every time the asset gets updated, the timestamp is updated accordingly. then there are a few asset master data fields which are also always available: name (string), guid (derived from QR code), a timestamp borrowed from (by default the actual timestamp when it got scanned for borrowing) and a timestamp for borrowed until (planned date when the customer should bring back the asset - manually set by the user) and a timestamp when the asset is actually brought back by the customer. the backend should also support notifications, which can be activated or de-activated. the user receives an email once the current time passes the planned borrowed to timestamp (and it has not been brought back yet), also the customer receives a notification email, if the email address was entered. also the asset will be highlighted in the backoffice application, with its associated customer.

There are 2 user roles available in the application:
user (standard user): he is able to print out QR pdf files. he scans the QR codes (onboarding, borrow-mode, inventory-mode) and types in the required details. he is able to check the state of the assets in the backoffice application. he can filter search, view. he is also able to check the borrow-history of certain items. he should be able to export the inventory etc. to an excel file based on the current filter settings (e.g. if the filter is set to a certain customer, only the assets will be exported and shown in the view, which are at the specific customer)
admin user: he can do everything what the standard user can do and on top he configures the QR pdf format, he configures the custom fields and checks for the asset master data and customer master data. he is able to delete certain assets (which might have disappeared or damaged - they should be also flagged with this information then for future reports).
the changes which got performed by those users should be also tracked in the database for further analysis.

the application should have a light mode and a dark mode and should be multilingual (in the beginning supporting german and english - english is the default and also the fallback). The user interface for the QR-code scanning app (2.) should be mobile first and implement the newest design patterns. the webapp for generating the QR stickers (1.) should be integrated into the backoffice app (2.). The backoffice app should be desktop first UI/UX design. it should also refer to the latest design patterns and frontend behaviours. the backend of the application should run by default on port 8008, but this should be configurable, same as the server location (default: https://tagly.brandstaetter.rocks). the whole backend should be put in a docker container which can easily pulled from github using GHCR.